The talent development
Wow, Lyzka, ft now in nasedky leaned?
Beeeee!
Baby, why do you have a cap on?
The dinner is on the stove.
Well, allright... What's actually happening?
Come on, go! Go-a-l. Uh-huh
Hey! What are you all doing here? What happened? Hey, are you deaf or what?
Huh?
I am asking, what are you staying in the bathroom?
A-a-a! O-o-o!
And all day like this...
Liza.... Liza! Lizka, shut up!
Why? Yesterday I sent a CD to the radio with my best songs and now I am exercising
for the solo concert. I will have a real concert on a big stage.
Like the Great Jeanne Kitty!
Oh. I am delighted! But could you be silent untill the concert?
Nevermind. The lack of training - is a catastrophe for the voice. I need to exercise all the time.
And if you will stay in my way, I will tell mom that you don't let me develop my talent! A-a-a! O-o-o! One second...
When Liza is eating egss, we may have a little silence.
Yummy-yummy... Mmmm, such a delicios chocolate! Truth to be told, I already ate two of these. Want some?
Isn't it harmful for my voice chords?
No-o-o-o!
It worked!
I suspect, that chocolate soon will be over.
This mean that we need more chocolate!
Eh, Lizka won't eat this in a week! Sweet silence!
Ah-ah-ah! O-o-o!
Thank you, I ate. No more sweets.
We must have been put sleeping pills in her sweets.
We'll have to wait until Lisa will become a
star and  would go on tour.
We will not last for so long
I know what to do.
What, there is nobody to pick up the phone, already?
Hello...
-This is Lisa?
-Yes.. it's me...
-And this is me.
-A-ah ... Jeanne Kitty ...
Lizonka, you are a very talented girl.
But you know ... you just now
develop your voice, and if you'll break it... then you will never be able to sing again. So just wait...
a year or two. But better three!
Yes ... well ... bye ...
Have you heard ?! I'm a star-ah ... Oh ...
I am not allowed scream ... Imagine ....
I pick up the phone ... And there ...
Jeanne Kitty !!!
But ... What? Where?
Oh ... Ah ...
Hmmm ... Well, what ?!
-What is buzzing, eh?
-Yes, what's the matter finally?
-What's that noise? For how long you can still make such a noise?!
Good morning! I was thinking ... Since I can not sing anymore- I will master the trombone!
I can not leave the talent to dissapear.
NO-O-O-O!